hey guys not going to be your thick
thing one here um I guess I could do
something like this so my friend is not
on camera he does not want to be on
camera so oh she's not here okay anyway
he'll be back shortly um he's going to
shoot me with that modified mega missile
and I'm gonna try and slow to slow down
the reaction my reaction to it ok so it
should be done very shortly it will be
very quick I hope I I know how to slow
things down it would be pretty cool if I
could so um yeah let's get started all
right now my friends right behind the
camera you can't see him you can't see
well I can see them perfectly but
alright so you can shoot me in the
stomach let's see what happens all right
and don't okay Amy a little bit higher I
don't want you to Amy in the family
jewels
you
oh okay oh my god alright so that was me
getting shot with this modified mega
missile or upgrading mega missile he
just ran away touch I guess reloading or
something now it does I don't feel pain
for at least five seconds and then I
start feeling pain not much although hit
my stomach my fat stomach yeah I call
myself fat um that big deal I just
actually understand that right anyway I
getting to the point i will slow this
down as much as i can see you guys later